# Reflection

## Question 1 (50 words)
#### When and why should you use a function like `carefulSubract` rather than `subtract`? 
I think you should use a function like 'carefulSubtract' when you are going to have a varied data set. I think another potential role the carefulSubtract function can be used for is to insure that you are only subtracting numbers rather than your function attempting to have the same process for strings or any non-number.

## Question 2 (100 words)
#### What are `data types`, and how does data typing work in JavaScript? Name at least 4 built-in data JS data types. 
data types are the quantifier of a given point of data. Numbers are a type attributed to integers, decimals, and number=adjacent terms such as infinity. Strings are sentential expressions, or data that involves characters that communicate what is written rather than holding an intrinsic value. Boolean's are the type that deals with true/false data sets. The null value is a type that is self-contained and does not communicate that a value is unknown or empty. Undefined is a type that relays that value has not been assigned to a given point i.e. having 'let x = ' and leaving x undefined. 

## Question 3 (100 words)
#### What is the advantage to storing information as an object (`{firstName: 'Italo', lastName: 'Calvino', profession: 'novelist' }`) rather than as an array (`['Italo', 'Calvino', 'novelist']`)? Are there any disadvantages?
Utilizing an object rather than an array can be useful as the data cannot be split. An object is a single cohesive unit that, once defined, cannot be manipluated as easily as an array. When using an array, one can seperate the points into their own individual parts. Another key difference between using arrays and objects is that objects can be built with their own specifically designated properties e.g. Italo being x.firstName, whereas the data is static in an array. I think the only downside is the rigidity that comes with creating an object rather than putting the information into an array. I don't see a real practical downside other than it being harder to work with a specific object within a larger dataset versus an array.


## Question 4 (150 words)
#### The function `sentences` transforms a data structure (in this case, a list of object literals) into a sequence of sentences. If the data structure were less predictable (e.g., if some properties of each object were occasionally missing, or if their data type was not always the same), what programming techniques could you use to ensure that your function produced a coherent output? Also, can you think of a more interesting "transform" that could be done with the same data structure?
You could have a long set of "if else" statements set up to ensure that various potential issues can be solved before problems arise. I think, depending on the data set, you could filter the data by turning them all into objects (if the data were predictable) to have more manageable system wherein you can filter based of a given object property. If the data were all numbers for instance, having them all be output as sentence strings would be much less useful than having a "if" statement that acts specifically on numbers. Similarily, if your data set is completely varried, it would be extremely useful to have a filtering system in place to make the data much easier to work with and parse. I think if the data was not predictable you could filter it all into an array, again so that you can splice into specific parts of it by utilizing a system similar to the splitArray object in the first problem set. A potential "transform" someone could do with that data structure would be to filter and list the data based on specific object properties to make the data easier to work with.